(C) How long had he/she been suffering from
this decease before his/her death? (c) PY) Moats

D) What were the symptoms of the illness? '
0) me A odominl Poeun, Cousrpohin

(d)
(E) When were they first observed by the
deceased? Decombery QOIMZ

(F) What was the date on which you were first

consulted during the illness? 19 12 }2023

(G) Did you attend him/her during the whole
of its course? If not, state during what period? Y ag

6. (A) Were his/her habits sober & temperate?

(B) Have you any reason to suppose or to
suspect that disease was in his case caused or
aggravated by intemperate habits?

7. What other disease or illness

(i)preceded or

(ii) co-existed with that which immediately
caused his/her death?

Give history of such disease or illness
stating:-

(a)Date when first observed?

(b)By whom treated?

(c)By whom history reported to you?

8. (A) Was the deceased treated during his/her WM D>. Rotmotan Assi stone

last illness by any other Medical practitioners Generar Syeugey

or in any Hospital before you were consulted?
If so, please state their names &addresses Govr TD Media) Collere No

(B) Did any other Medical Practitioners ui)
attend to him/her in consultation with
yourself?
If so, please state their names & addresses

9. (A) Were you the deceased’s usual
Medical Attendant?
(B) If so, for how long?
(C) If not, please state name address of
his/her usual Medical Attendant?



10. When and for what ailments did you treat
the deceased during the three years preceding
his/her last illness?

11. Was any Inquest or formal Inquiry held
regarding the death or was a post — Mortem
Examination of the body made?

If so, by whom, and what was the result or
findings?

12. Have you any other information or remarks
to make in connection with this claim
concerning deceased’s ailments, habits, mode
of living etc..?

, Dep) ef Raniari
Medical Attendant of the
deceased . 5 DO HEREBY SOLEMNLY DECLARE that the
foregoing statements are true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief, and that the
deceased did not die by his own act.

64]69] aba 4
Code NoO...essesssseerveese (State here the Code Number if you are an authorized M iner
of the Corporation).

Wee LL46 |
WITNESS Signature of Medical Attendan
NQIMG ssssccssssresswitigaerscssse ess Postal Address .. $2.21. oF, Raploilun ony
Signature Molaiise.. . q 3
Occupation CLV. bs . veces MANDA NAM y.. ALARPVLS BE *%

Qualifications ..
Postal Address ....

Dated at M this | 2g 6=— DOR 4

ZORGE PULICK: |
MD,DMRtT
Associate Professor
0.26901
‘py &

